hi i mention promoting the new channel
the reload cod show channel is called to
me and Network Studios anyway another
Museum and we show sermon and usually
you can't kill you mate and you know
spits cheap aired and by the way don't
press that button it's pointless you'll
just die it will earn you and anyway um
I'm gonna head show you like I wouldn't
call it Glitch I'd call it more of a
technical fault basically you get a gun
preferably the sniper I'm not quite sure
snipers called but in this case I'm not
going to use this and I prong you use
the little machine gun it still works
the ACR and as you can see I'm trying to
press it when let me kill in but as you
see if aimed on my site and work my way
in with the bullets it will kill him now
I can do that now I can kill my friends
now without having to work the bullet in
its fun cuz you try it but they're only
two game they're only two gun sorry that
actually happened like this there's
another sniper rifle that i'm going to
show you in a minute that works as well
well look a lot of people might wonder
how i found this glitch out I was just
um I was round Network Studios his
houses Jake early and I was playing and
he noticed that and I thought you know
why not make a video of it and just
perfect it yet don't press the button
that you might be tempted just don't do
it okay anyway we're gonna do this now
I'm going to show you the other gun
could get some family for that one right
oh you know them the RPGs a bit horrible
but who cares um here we go it's not
prideful you need to get the one that
has silencer I think it's it's an ok gun
I suppose but you know or i'll show you
this i'm actually going to do something
else which should i be doing shouldn't i
be doing a yeah that's this is this is
basically what happens you you were
gonna you're going to scream if you
press that ya shouldn'ta pressed it
totally totally gay for pressing that
anyway um yeah i'll show you the sniper
one now it's pretty cool like i said i
was just around his house and I picked
the sniper up by aimed with it I got it
and I was like wow why can't I do a
video and don't press again please
okay just just leave it yeah walk away
wow that's a good boy walk away and I
don't see you know this video's some
people might say it's pointless but yeah
that's your opinion right now as you can
see sniper rifle there it is I'm not
sure quite sure what it's called but it
will be in the description and that is
ghost and I don't know why his name is
ghost but I quite like his outfit the
skull and aim shoot em see aim down
sight and I'll kill em burn but you will
need to do this with the ACR before you
do that okay so basically this video was
just to promote the new channel the
relay cod show we do allow you know call
you GT one called g2 called g3 or g4
koala g5 and modern warfare two send us
your videos upload them I'm whip it out
we're active on this site there will be
a website soon that we're hopefully
getting up and running
so we're basically the low budget of
machinima you could say peace out and on
that bombshell I am definitely gonna cry
because of obviously taking the thing
out okay so that was the whole the shell
show I hope you enjoyed a comment rate
subscribe and see you in Hell boys
you